Mega Quiz 2
----------

* Questions to view
  * Q: When you create new subnets within a custom VPC, by default they can communicate with each other, across availability zones. A: true
  * Q: It is possible to transfer a reserved instance from one Availability Zone to another. A: True
  * Q: In order to enable encryption at rest using EC2 and Elastic Block store you need to A: Configure encryption when creating the EBS Volume (review http://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2014/05/21/Amazon-EBS-encryption-now-available/)
  * Q: Amazon's Redshift uses which block size for its columnar storage? A: 1024KB / 1MB
  * Q: You are hosting a MySQL database on the root volume of an EC2 instance. The database is using a large amount of IOPS and you need to increase the IOPS available to it. What should you do? A: Add 4 additional EBS SSD volumes and create a RAID 10 using these volumes. (Review https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/raid-config.html)
  * Q: You work for a cosmetic company which has their production website on AWS. The site itself is in a two-tier configuration with web servers in the front end and database servers at the back end. The site uses using Elastic Load Balancing and Auto Scaling. The databases maintain consistency by replicating changes to each other as and when they occur. This requires the databases to have extremely low latency. Your website needs to be highly redundant and must be designed so that if one availability zone goes offline and Auto Scaling cannot launch new instances in the remaining Availability Zones the site will not go offline. How can the current architecture be enhanced to ensure this? A: (You require very low latency for synchronous replication, therefore doing anything across regions would be incorrect.) (In this scenario if you lost an availability zone, you would still have 2 other Availability Zones available each that is configured to handle only 33% peak load per zone. 33% + 33% = 66% peak load, so your application would fall over if your load exceeded 66%.) Deploy your site in three different AZ's within the same region. Configure the Auto Scaling minimum to handle 50 percent of the peak load per zone.
  * Q: You are a systems administrator and you need to monitor the health of your production environment. You decide to do this using Cloud Watch, however you notice that you cannot see the health of every important metric in the default dash board. Which of the following metrics do you need to design a custom cloud watch metric for, when monitoring the health of your EC2 instances? A: Memory usage
  * Q: You work for a toy company that has a busy online store. As you are approaching Christmas, you find that your store is getting more and more traffic. Your web tier is behind an Auto Scaling group, but you notice that is is frequently scaling, sometimes multiple times in an hour, only to scale back down after peak usage. You need to keep Auto Scaling from scaling up and down so rapidly. Which of the following options would help you to achieve this? A: Modify the Auto Scaling group cool-down timers & modify the Amazon CloudWatch alarm period that triggers your Auto Scaling scale down policy
  * Q: You work in the genomics industry and you process large amounts of genomic data using a nightly Elastic Map Reduce (EMR) job. This job processes a single 3 Tb file which is stored on S3. The EMR job runs on 3 on-demand core nodes and four on-demand task nodes. The EMR job is now taking longer than anticipated and you have been asked to advise how to reduced the completion time? A: You should reduce the input split zie in the MapReduce job configuration and then adjust the number of simultaneous mapper tasks so that more tasks can be processed at once.
  * Q: By definition a public subnet within a VPC is one that; A: In it's routing table it has at least one route that uses an Internet Gateway (IGW)
  * Q: You are a solutions architect working for a biotech company who is pioneering research in immunotherapy. They have developed a new cancer treatment that may be able to cure up to 94% of cancers. They store their research data on S3, however recently an intern accidentally deleted some critical files. You've been asked to prevent this from happening in the future. What options below can prevent this? A: Enable S3 versioning on the bucket & enable Enable Multifactor Authentication (MFA) on the bucket
  * Q: You are a solutions architect who has been asked to do some consulting for a US company that produces re-useable rocket parts. They have a new web application that needs to be built and this application must be stateless. Which three services could you use to achieve this? A: RDS, DynamoDB & Elasticache
  * Q: Your company has decided to set up a new AWS account for test and dev purposes. They already use AWS for production, but would like a new account dedicated for test and dev so as to not accidentally break the production environment. You launch an exact replica of your production environment using a cloudformation template that your company uses in production. However cloudformation fails. You use the exact same CloudFormation template in production so the failure is something to do with your new AWS account. The CloudFormation template is trying to launch 60 new EC2 instances in a single availability zone. After some research you discover that the problem is; A: For all new AWS accounts there is a soft limit of 20 EC2 instances per region. You should submit the limit increase form and retry the template after your limit has been increased.
  * Q: You work for a famous bakery who are deploying a hybrid cloud approach. Their legacy IBM AS400 servers will remain on premise within their own datacenter however they will need to be able to communicate to the AWS environment over a site to site VPN connection. What do you need to do to establish the VPN connection? A: Assign a public IP address to your Amazon VPC Gateway.
  * Q: You work for a construction company that has their production environment in AWS. The production environment consists of 3 identical web servers that are launched from a standard Amazon linux AMI using Auto Scaling. The web servers are launched in to the same public subnet and belong to the same security group. They also sit behind the same ELB. You decide to do some test and dev and you launch a 4th EC2 instance in to the same subnet and same security group. Annoyingly your 4th instance does not appear to have internet connectivity. What could be the cause of this? A: Remember that an EC2 instance in a public subnet is only publicly accessible if it has a public ip address or is behind an elastic load balancer. The correct answer is to assign an elastic IP address to the fourth instance. 
  * NOTE: review RAID types
  * Q: You have been monitoring a sensitive autoscaling group, and you expect it to scale-in as you enter a period of holiday downtime. The auto scaling group is distributed over three AZs ( AZ - A & -B have two instances each, and AZ -C has three instances). All instances have different CPU and Memory utilization, and all instances have been running for a different number of days. All instances come from different versions of a root AMI, and all instances have different numbers of sessions connected. Which instance will be the 1st to shut down? A: AutoScaling scales in according to a hierarchy of decisions. Please see the link for further details: http://amzn.to/2lSm9k6 (The Instance in AZ-C that has the oldest launch configuration will terminate first) 
  * Q: A client who is using EC2 believes that someone other than approved administrators is trying to gain access to her Linux web app instances, and she asks what sort of network access logging can be added to the system. Which of the following might you recommend? A: You should make use of an OS level logging tools such as iptables and log events to CloudWatch or S3.
  * Q: When editing permissions (policies and ACLs), to whom does the concept of the "Owner" refer? A: The "Owner" refers to the identity and email address used to create the account AWS account.
  * Q: Although your application customarily runs at 30% usage, you have identified a recurring usage spike (>90%) between 8pm and midnight daily. What is the most cost effective way to scale your application to meet this increased need? A: Use Proactive Cyclic Scaling to boost your capacity at a fixed interval.
  * Q: Which URL format does S3 support in pointing to bucket "mynewbucket"? A: http://mynewbucket.s3-aws-region.amazonaws.com
  * Q: You are developing a web application, and you are maintaining separate sets of resources for your alpha, beta, and release environments. Each version runs on Amazon EC2 with an EBS volume. You use Elastic Load Balancing to manage traffic and Amazon Route 53 to manage your domain. What's the best way to check the health and status of all three groups of services simultaneously? A: Create a resource group containing each set of resources and view all three environment from a single, group dashboard.
  * A: Your company has just purchased another company. As part of the merger, your team has been instructed to cross connect the corporate networks. You run all your confidential corporate services and Internal DNS in a VPC. The merged company has all their confidential corporate services and Internal DNS on-premises. After establishing a Direct-Connect service between your VPC and their on-premise network, and confirming all the routing, firewalls, and authentication, you find that while you can resolve names against their DNS, the other company services is unable to resolve names against your DNS servers. Why might this be? A: By design, AWS DNS does not respond to requests originating from outside the VPC.
  * Q: How is the Public IP address managed in an instance session via the instance GUI/RDP or Terminal/SSH session? A: The Public IP address is not managed on the instance: It is, instead, an alias applied as a network address translation of the Private IP address. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-instance-addressing.html 
  * Q: You have been engaged by a company to design and lead a migration to an AWS environment. The team is concerned about the capabilities of the new environment, especially when it comes to avoiding bottlenecks. The design calls for about 20 instances (C3.2xLarge) pulling jobs/messages from SQS. Network traffic per instance is estimated to be around 500 Mbps at the beginning and end of each job. Which network configuration should you plan on deploying? A: Spread the instances over multiple AZs to minimize the traffic concentration and maximise the fault tolerance. (When considering network traffic, you need to understand the difference between storage traffic and general network traffic, and the ways to address each. The 10Gbps is a red-herring, in that the 500Mbps only occurs for short intervals, and therefore your sustained throughput is not 10Gpbs. Whereever possible, use simple solutions such as spreading the load out rather than expensive high tech solutions.)
  * Q: You manage a Ruby on Rails application that lives on a cluster of EC2 instances. Your website occasionally experiences brief, strong, and entirely unpredictable spikes in traffic that overwhelm your EC2 instances’ resources and freeze the application. As a result, you're losing recently submitted requests from end users. You use Auto Scaling to deploy additional resources to handle the load during spikes, but the new instances don't spin-up fast enough to prevent the existing application servers from freezing. Which of the following will provide the most cost-effective solution in preventing the loss of recently submitted requests? A: Use Amazon SQS to decouple the application components and keep the requests in queue until the extra Auto-Scaling instances are available.
  * Q: You're building out a single-region application in us-west-2. However, disaster recovery is a strong consideration, and you need to build the application so that if us-west-2 becomes unavailable, you can fail-over to us-west-1. Your application relies exclusively on pre-built AMI's. In order to share those AMI's with the region you're using as a backup, which process would you follow? A: AWS does not copy launch permissions, user-defined tags, or Amazon S3 bucket permissions from the source AMI to the new AMI. Copy the AMI from us-west-2, manually apply launch permissions, user-defined tags, and Amazon S3 bucket permissions of the default AMI to the new instance and launch the instance.
  * Q: At the monthly product meeting, one of the Product Owners proposes an idea to address an immediate shortcoming of the product system: storing a copy of the customer price schedule in the customer record in the database. You know that you can store large text or binary objects in DynamoDB. You give a tentative OK to do a Minimal Viable Product test, but stipulate that it must comply with the size limitation on the Attribute Name & Value. Which is the correct limitation? A: The combined Value and Name combined must not exceed 400KB.
  * Q: In RDS, what is the maximum value I can set for my backup retention period? A: 35 days
